---
layout: post
title: FAQs
category: iOS Development
---

What are the prerequisites for developing an Unvired Application?
------

Every Unvired Application will have the following two sets of files.

1. metadata.xml - This has the data model that has been designed using the Unvired Modeller
2. Business Entity Classes which are generated from the metadata.xml. For Example: CUSTOMER_HEADER.h, CUSTOMER_HEADER.m - These allow the application develoeprs to use data as self contained business objects. The advantages of this model:  Makes it typesafe and additionally makes the code more readable.  Note that these files are automatically generated by the Unvired Modeller Plugin.

Can I build my Unvired Application in Swift?
-----
Yes. Unvired SDK is written in Objective C. As with any objective C library being compatible with swift, you can develop your applications in swift.

Why almost every Unvired SDK API accepts NSError Parameter?
---------

Unvired SDK uses Apple recommended approach for propagating error information to the user, which is NSError. These erros include database errors, unexpected scenarios and general error conditions. You can read about NSErrors and how to deal with it
<a href="https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/ProgrammingWithObjectiveC/ErrorHandling/ErrorHandling.html">here</a>

How do I access database file?
----
Unvired SDK uses sqlite as the database engine. The application database is created upon application startup and the database file is stored in the application sandbox.x
If you look at the logs in the console, you should be able to locate the database path easily.

For Example:

{% highlight objectivec %}
Database Location: /Users/<USER>/Library/Developer/CoreSimulator/Devices/EA725FE5-76B5-463A-B00E-DA827D5D70C2/data/Containers/Data/Application/3219EFDA-E0DF-419D-89F5-670ECAE6CE64/Documents/UNVIRED_CUSTOMER_SEARCH.sqlite
{% endhighlight %}

How do I get to know if all of this is working?
-----

Unvired SDK dumps out logs in the console as well as in a file called ERROR_REPORT.txt in the application sandbox. 
Monitoring the logs should give you enough information on the the things that happen in the background.


There is also the Unvired Administation Cockpit which stores the information about every call you make to the server.

What is Framework Settings View Controller?
------

FrameworkSettingsViewController is provided by the Framework to display information about the working of Framework and also to provide other functionalities like changing log level, resetting application etc.,
Have a look at FrameworkSettingViewController to check how it can be used.
